Add volume expansion page (#56362)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2025/recover-failed-expansion.md

Have you ever made a typo when expanding your persistent volumes in Kubernetes? Meant to specify `2TB`
but specified `20TiB`? This seemingly innocuous problem was kinda hard to fix - and took the project almost 5 years to fix.

> [Automated recovery from storage expansion](/docs/concepts/storage/expanding-persistent-volumes/#recovering-from-failure-when-expanding-volumes) has been around for a while in beta; however, with the v1.34 release, we have graduated this to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Automated recovery from storage expansion failure](/docs/concepts/storage/volume-resizing/#recovering-from-failure-when-expanding-volumes) has been around for a while in beta; however, with the v1.34 release, we have graduated this to
```
